good kevin has been with them since they
were Cubs they like the smell of him me
not so sure you can wear your face
rocket but what's it gonna be like with
me though are they gonna accept me or
take it step by step
yeah and I know them unfortunately well
enough to see how they react to you did
you lock that pampering wouldn't have it
any other way
look at those claws oh yeah if it goes
wrong worst case in out just so I know
you know do I stand a chance two lines
decide to gang up on you and yeah take
you down now you don't thanks Kevin well
here goes welcome to Napoleon in town
already feels very strange on the other
side of the I think we're gonna leave
we're gonna leave Chow for the time
being he's gonna bone in his mouth okay
so we're gonna approach Napoleon who
looks pretty for nature's extreme
fighters intimidation is just as
important as actual fighting it's better
to scare off a rival
than risk death in battle and believe me
I was definitely feeling intimidated
patent patent yeah that's half-hearted
okay let's just let him let's see what's
he's doing okay he's gonna try a little
everything now left tip yeah he's
checking me out this money fixes you
with those eyes he just can't help it's
quite intimate it is yeah all right
Napoleon's on a hair-trigger he could go
from kitten to killer in an instant he's
a bit mental he's well aware of he knows
exactly where you are I can see he's not
tightly relaxed because that tail keeps
on giving a sort of an I mean there's no
flower on - yeah he's probably woken up
on the wrong side of his bed that's okay
that's not something you want to be
telling me one idea I was getting the
feeling that if Napoleon could see a
window of opportunity he'd nail me which
was a bit distracting to be honest I'd
completely forgotten what had come to
find out yeah I remember so what is it
for you that makes the the male line the
perfect fighting animal in the sheer
size of the spoiler it's thick from Iraq
from the forearm all the way down to the
poor so even without claws you've got
this huge poor ped that can that can
give you a way add to that four
razor-sharp claws huge fangs
- so noise as is telescopic sights as
ours and the incredible sense of smell
Kevin had warned me the Lions weren't
quite themselves the calmest of lines
today
was wrong and it was time to leave
immediately I was scared and that's
that's absolutely no word of a lion I
don't mind admitting it and I think I'll
be crazy if I wasn't